Covid-19 update post (#197)
srobo/website: _posts/2020-03-11-sr2020-covid-19-updates.md

---
layout: news
title: COVID-19 Coronavirus Student Robotics Updates
---

As you will be aware, the COVID-19 situation is quickly evolving, having recently been delcared a pandemic. 
Many large events are being cancelled and we want to be public about how we are responding to the latest news.

> The Competition Team are working closely with the Student Robotics trustees so that we can make the most sensible decision.

Reviewer: The specific detail about the different teams within Student Robotics feels a little unnecessary.

## The Competition

> At the time of writing, we are carefully considering whether the competition can go ahead. We will be announcing our decision by Wednesday 18th March at the very latest. 

Reviewer 2: Probably worth stating that as it stands, we're planning to run the event.

Author: Resolved in later commit

> At the time of writing, we are carefully considering whether the competition can go ahead. We will be announcing our decision by Wednesday 18th March at the very latest. 

Reviewer: The prevailing message here should be that we want this competition to run, we're trying everything we can to make it happen. I would move away from language like "considering whether it can go ahead", and lean more into whether we can figure out a way to run it safely.

> At the time of writing, we are carefully considering whether the competition can go ahead. We will be announcing our decision by Wednesday 18th March at the very latest. 

Reviewer: I'd keep it vague, and talk more about next week, than any particular day.

Considering this is an event for minors, we will be taking decisions with an abundance of caution. 

We are in contact with Reading University Students' Union who are continually reviewing the situation, and mitigating the risks associated with Coronavirus.

> The Competition Team will be meeting with the trustees at the start of next week (16th March) to decide whether the competition can go ahead.

Reviewer: We don't need to go into detail about who makes the decision, or how it's made.

### In the case of the competition going ahead

We will be briefing all volunteers and attendees about best hygiene practices, both in advance and on the day, ensuring they're followed throughout the competition. 

We expect all teams who are attending the competition to follow the [guidelines][phe-guidelines] on COVID-19 from Public Health England.

### In the case of the competition being postponed

We are considering weekends in late June / early July as alternatives for the competition. 

> If the competition is postponed, we will be surveying team leaders to ensure we select the most appropriate date.

Reviewer 2: It's implied by the section title that this'll be done if the event is postponed.

```suggestion
We will be surveying team leaders to ensure we select the most appropriate date.
```

## Tech Days

> At the time of writing, we still intend to run the London Tech Day on 28th March. However, we will contact all teams as soon as possible should this be cancelled.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is true, cc @PeterJCLaw.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, (for non-virus reasons) I think we should probably assume that the London Tech Day won't go ahead at this point.

Reviewer 3: If we think that it would benefit teams, I can definitely ask whether we can use the same room again, though I'm not sure if it'll be possible.

> 

Reviewer 2: Probably also worth noting here that if we decide to postpone the competition, all planned tech days will be cancelled. But either way the forums will still be active.

Author: Resolved in later commit

---
layout: news
title: COVID-19 Coronavirus Student Robotics Updates
---

As you will be aware, the COVID-19 situation is quickly evolving, having recently been delcared a pandemic. 
Many large events are being cancelled and we want to be public about how we are responding to the latest news.

The Competition Team are working closely with the Student Robotics trustees so that we can make the most sensible decision.

## The Competition

> At the time of writing, we are carefully considering whether the competition can go ahead. As it stands, we still intend to have the competition on the 18th and 19th April 2020.

Reviewer 2: Having this be 2 sentences which start similarly reads slightly weirdly

```suggestion
At the time of writing, we still intend to have the competition on the 18th and 19th April 2020, however are actively and carefully considering whether this needs to change.
```

(Not entirely convinced by the second part of my suggestion)

The Competition Team will be meeting with the trustees at the start of next week (16th March) to decide whether the competition will need to be postponed. 

> We will be announcing our decision by Wednesday 18th March at the very latest. 

Reviewer: It's worth elaborating on how teams will find out, e.g. "we will contact you."

Considering this is an event for minors, we will be taking decisions with an abundance of caution. 

We are in contact with Reading University Students' Union who are continually reviewing the situation, and mitigating the risks associated with Coronavirus.

### In the case of the competition going ahead

We will be briefing all volunteers and attendees about best hygiene practices, both in advance and on the day, ensuring they're followed throughout the competition. 

We expect everyone attending the competition to follow the [guidelines][phe-guidelines] on COVID-19 from Public Health England.

### In the case of the competition being postponed

We are considering weekends in late June / early July as alternatives for the competition. 
We will be surveying team leaders to ensure we select the most appropriate date.

## Tech Days

At the time of writing, we still intend to run the London Tech Day on 28th March. However, we will contact all teams as soon as possible should this be cancelled.

In the event of the competition being postponed, all planned Tech Days will be cancelled. 

> The [forum][forum] is still a great place to get help from blueshirts and other teams, in addition to showing off your progress!

Reviewer 3: Maybe also mention remote mentoring?

Author: So we are continually accepting mentoring requests? Sounds good, will add

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I don't think we'd turn anyone down if we had a volunteer who could help them.

If you or your school has any questions about our handling of the event, please don't hesitate to contact us at teams@studentrobotics.org.

> We will keep this page updated with new information as it becomes available.

Reviewer 3: nit: This is a news post, so will appear on both the homepage and in the news history. Is the plan that we'll add more new posts in future, or that we'll keep this one post up to date?

Perhaps clarify this here (and maybe link the "this page" or "this post" text to itself)?

Author: I think the idea was to continually update that news post instead of posting fresh ones

Reviewer 2: Perhaps what we want is something slightly separate. A new isolated page with this information on, and a news post announcing that it exists?
